LAST TIME ON...
YOUR DAYS OF SENDING PEOPLE
TO THE STARS ARE OVER, YUBEL.
THIS IS BETWEEN YOU AND ME,
SO LEAVE JESSE OUT OF THIS
AND DUEL ME
IN YOUR TRUE FORM.
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
WITH THIS BODY,
I GET TO FORCE YOU
TO FIGHT YOUR FRIEND.
RISE, MY MIGHTY BEAST.
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON!
OK, THERE IT IS.
I JUST HOPE
MY HUNCH IS CORRECT.
JESSE!
LOOK UP THERE, GUYS.
THE DARKNESS
IS LEAVING!
[GROANING]
JESSE!
HA HA HA HA.
WHAT... HAPPENED?
HE RESCUED YOU. OF COURSE,
I ALWAYS KNEW HE WOULD.
YOU SET THIS ALL UP.
BUT WHY?
OH, YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH. HA HA HA.
JESSE!
AND NOW, MY DEAR JADEN,
A NEW DUEL WILL BEGIN
IN OBLIVION.
AH!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU'VE GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU'D BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
JESSE, ARE YOU OK?
COULDN'T BE BETTER. AH...
OK, I PROBABLY COULD BE
BETTER, BUT DON'T WORRY.
I'LL BE FINE.
IT TAKES MORE
THAN A HOSTILE
SPIRIT TAKEOVER
TO KEEP
THIS BOY DOWN.
THANKS FOR SAVING
MY HIDE, JADEN.
WELL, IF IT
WEREN'T FOR ME,
YOUR HIDE WOULDN'T
HAVE NEEDED SAVING.
YOU DID IT!
CAN WE
GO HOME NOW?
NOT YET, CROWLER.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO NOW?
YOU'RE GOING TO DUEL
AGAIN, AREN'T YOU?
HMM.
COME, JESSE. YOU MIGHT
WANT TO GET BACK.
ALL RIGHT, YUBEL,
WHAT'S THIS
DUELING IN OBLIVION ABOUT?
IF IT'S A FIGHT YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR, I'M UP FOR IT.
LOOK AT YOU.
IS THAT JADEN TALKING,
OR IS THAT
THE SUPREME KING?
WELL, EITHER WAY, SINCE
YOU'RE UP FOR A CHALLENGE,
LET'S HAVE THIS DUEL.
FOLLOW ME IF YOU DARE.
[GASP]
HMM.
JADEN, WAIT.
HUH?
YOU'RE ACTUALLY GOING?
COME ON, PAL.
YOU REALLY HAVE TO ASK?
WELL, THEN HERE.
I'M GUESSING YOU WON'T
LET ME COME WITH YOU.
SO TAKE MY DECK,
AND GIVE THAT YUBEL
A LITTLE PIECE OF MY MIND.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
HMM. THANKS, JESSE.
NOW GET SOME REST
AND REGAIN YOUR STRENGTH.
RIGHT.
YOU SURE YOU SHOULD GO?
I MEAN, THINK ABOUT IT.
IT'S PROBABLY
SOME KIND OF TRAP.
THERE COULD BE A HUNDRED
FIENDS WAITING FOR YOU
OR SOME SCARY MONSTER.
WELL, IN THAT CASE,
I DON'T WANT TO MISS OUT.
GOING UP.
AH! WHERE'D SHE GO?
AAH!
HUH?
IT'S YOUR MOVE, JADEN.
OH, MAN.
THAT DUEL.
THAT'S WHEN I PLAYED
MY YUBEL CARD,
AND MY FRIEND
COLLAPSED.
UH!
HUH?
Yubel: I DID IT
ALL FOR YOU, JADEN.
HUH?
DON'T YOU REMEMBER
HOW CLOSE WE WERE,
HOW I ALWAYS STOOD BY
AND PROTECTED YOU,
HOW I MADE SURE NO ONE WOULD
BREAK OUR BOND AS FRIENDS?
I REMEMBER.
NO ONE WOULD DUEL ME.
AND ALL MY FRIENDS
STOPPED COMING AROUND
BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT
I WAS CURSED.
I WAS SO LONELY.
I'D SIT ALL BY MYSELF
IN THE SCHOOL LUNCHROOM.
BUT YOU HAD ME, JADEN,
AND I WOULD NEVER
HAVE ABANDONED YOU
THE WAY THOSE KIDS
ABANDONED YOU.
YEAH, RIGHT.
BUT DESPITE
MY LOYALTY TO YOU,
YOU DECIDED
TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS,
AND YOU CAST ME ASIDE
AND SENT ME AWAY,
SO VERY FAR AWAY.
IS THAT HOW YOU
REPAY ME,
BY LOCKING ME IN A ROCKET
AND SHOOTING ME INTO SPACE?
IT DOESN'T GET ANY MORE
HEARTLESS THAN THAT.
THAT'S NOT IT.
I WAS TRYING TO HELP YOU
SO WE COULD STILL
BE FRIENDS.
I HOPED THE WAVES
OF COSMIC MATTER
IN SPACE COULD FIX YOU.
WELL, THEY DID,
SO TO SPEAK.
THERE ARE MANY TYPES
OF ENERGY WAVES
COURSING THROUGH
THE GALAXY, JADEN.
THOSE PRECIOUS NEO-SPACIAN
CARDS YOU DREW
ABSORBED ONE KIND
OF ENERGY.
THAT'S WHAT GAVE THEM
THEIR STRENGTH
AND ENHANCED
THEIR SPIRITS.
AS FOR ME,
LET'S JUST SAY
THAT I ABSORBED
A DARKER FORM OF ENERGY.
THE MORE MY POWER INCREASED,
THE MORE PAIN I FELT.
SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING...
THE COSMIC WAVES HURT YOU,
AND THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE ANGRY AT ME?
I MEAN WHY DIDN'T YOU USE
YOUR POWERS TO BREAK AWAY?
I TRIED, JADEN.
WITH ALL MY MIGHT,
I TRIED REACHING
OUT TO YOU,
BUT THEN ONE DAY
IT WAS LIKE
THERE WAS A WALL
BETWEEN US,
AND THEN
YOU WERE GONE.
HUH! WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU KNOW,
I REMEMBER.
WHEN I WAS A KID,
I USED TO HAVE
THESE NIGHTMARES.
[GASPS]
AAH!
THEY WERE
SO TERRIBLE
I WOULDN'T BE ABLE
TO GET BACK TO SLEEP.
IT WAS YOU.
YOU WERE CONTACTING ME
BY ENTERING MY DREAMS.
AND THOSE DREAMS
WERE SO INTENSE
THAT I HAD TO GO THROUGH
ALL SORTS OF TREATMENTS
TO STOP THEM
FROM HAPPENING.
EVENTUALLY,
THE NIGHTMARES STOPPED.
THAT MUST BE THE WALL
YOU FELT BETWEEN US.
YES, YOU FORGOT
ABOUT ME,
BUT I WAS STILL
OUT THERE.
SOON I BROKE AWAY
FROM THE ENERGY WAVES.
SOON ALL WAS
PAIN AND FIRE.
BUT WITH ALL THAT
PAIN AND ANGER,
I COULD FEEL MYSELF
BECOMING WHOLE.
THAT WAS
WHEN I UNDERSTOOD.
YOU WANTED ME
TO GROW STRONG.
TO BECOME WHOLE.
YOU KNEW THAT
I HAD TO EXPERIENCE
ALL THAT HURT
AND SHAME AND TERROR
IN ORDER TO BECOME
AS POWERFUL AS I NOW AM.
YOU WANTED OUR BOND
TO BE STRONGER
THAN IT EVER WAS BEFORE.
YOU KNEW THE HURT
WOULD MAKE ME POWERFUL.
ONCE I FIGURED THAT OUT,
I KNEW WHAT I HAD TO DO.
I HAD TO REPAY YOU
THE ONLY WAY I COULD.
I HAD TO HELP YOU
GROW STRONGER,
THE SAME WAY YOU
HELPED ME GROW STRONGER.
I KNEW THAT IF I
COULD DO THAT,
WE WOULD BE
AS WE WERE, TOGETHER,
NO ONE COMING
BETWEEN US.
WE WOULD BE
BEST FRIENDS AGAIN.
SO TO BRING
THAT PAIN UPON YOU,
I MADE YOUR
FRIENDS SUFFER.
I CRASHED DIMENSIONS
TOGETHER.
I FILLED YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE
WITH FEAR AND CONFUSION.
AND NOW IT SEEMS
MY GIFT HAS WORKED.
YOU BECAME
THE SUPREME KING,
MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU
EVER COULD HAVE IMAGINED.
AND YOU'RE HERE,
YOU'RE MINE,
AND WE'RE TOGETHER
FOREVER! HA HA HA!
WHAT'S JADEN
DOING UP THERE?
HEY, PROFESSOR CROWLER.
HUH?
DO YOU MIND
HANGING ONTO THIS?
NO PROBLEM.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
SYRUS, WAIT!
YOU'RE NOT FOLLOWING
JADEN UP THERE...
ARE YOU?
I CAN'T WAIT
DOWN HERE, PROFESSOR.
MY BROTHER ASKED
FOR ME AND JADEN
TO KEEP AN EYE OUT
FOR EACH OTHER.
BUT DIDN'T HE ALSO SAY
STAY OUT OF TROUBLE?
NO! DON'T!
SYRUS! OJAMA!
COME ON, JESSE.
WE CAN'T LET
THEM DO THIS.
SIMMER DOWN, TEACH.
YOU JUST LET THEM
DO THEIR THING,
AND YOU DO YOURS.
BUT, JESSE...
LISTEN HERE. EVERYTHING
IS GOING TO PLAY OUT
AS IT'S SUPPOSED TO
PLAY OUT.
SO RELAX, WILL YOU?
IS THIS, LIKE,
A DESTINY THING?
UH-HUH.
OH, IN THAT CASE,
LET'S WATCH THINGS
PLAY OUT FROM HERE,
BECAUSE THAT PORTAL UP THERE
IS LOOKING PRETTY SCARY.
I GUESS THERE'S
NO TURNING BACK NOW.
AND THAT'S TOO BAD,
BECAUSE SOMETHING
WEIRD IS COMING OUR WAY!
LOOK OUT!
UH!
AH!
IS THAT CHAZZ
OVER THERE?
IT IS!
HEY, SYRUS, IF YOU CAN
HEAR ME, HELP ME.
UH! HELP YOU HOW?
HOLD ME, WILL YOU?!
IT'S A GHOST!
SHALL WE SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL, JADEN?
WELL, ARE YOU READY
TO FACE ME HEAD-ON?
AS LONG AS YOU'RE NOT
USING JESSE AS COVER,
I'M COMING AT YOU WITH
EVERYTHING I GOT!
I WOULDN'T WANT IT
ANY OTHER WAY.
NOW GIVE ME
YOUR BEST SHOT.
OH, I WILL, YUBEL.
LET'S DO THIS!
AND TO START
THINGS OFF...
I'LL FIRST SUMMON OUT
SAMSARA LOTUS.
NEXT, I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THEN I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CHRONICLE SPELL CARD.
AND THIS CARD WILL BRING US
EVEN CLOSER, JADEN.
IT'S A SCROLL
THAT NOTES THE FUTURE.
WHEN IT'S PLAYED,
I AM TO SELECT 5 CARDS
IN MY DECK
AND REMOVE THEM.
HUH?
YOU SEEM TO BE
A BIT CONFUSED.
WELL, DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL UNDERSTAND
SOON ENOUGH.
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
THIS IS IT.
I'M GOING TO NEED
ALL OF YOU TO PITCH IN
IF WE'RE GOING TO
WIN THIS DUEL
AND DEFEAT YUBEL.
IT'S GOING TO BE GAME ON
WITH THIS MOVE, YUBEL!
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION
AND FUSE MY AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO FORM ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
AND WITH THAT, MY SPELL
CHRONICLE ACTIVATES.
YOU SEE, EACH TIME
MY OPPONENT USES A SPELL,
MY CHRONICLE SCROLL
GAINS A UNIT OF SPELL POWER.
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
BUT THEN NEITHER IS THIS!
FLAME WINGMAN, ATTACK SAMSARA
LOTUS WITH INFERNAL RAGE!
THAT ATTACK NOW TRIGGERS
MY SPELL SINISTER SEEDS.
WITH MY LOTUS DESTROYED,
THE EFFECT OF MY SPELL CARD
PLANTS SINISTER SEEDS,
WHICH THRIVE OFF
DAMAGE I TAKE.
THE MORE DAMAGE
YOU INFLICT,
THE STRONGER
THE PLANTS THAT SPRANG
FROM MY SINISTER SEEDS
WILL GROW.
WITH YOUR ATTACK, YOU GAVE
MY SEEDS 2,000 POINTS.
AND FOR EVERY THOUSAND
POINTS OF DAMAGE,
ONE FLOWER TOKEN GROWS.
AS FOR ME, I ONLY TAKE DAMAGE
FROM WHATEVER POINTS ARE LEFT.
FINE, THEN. I'LL JUST
PLAY A CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MY MOVE, THEN.
NOW BY SACRIFICING
MY 2 FLOWER TOKENS,
I CAN SUMMON REGENERATING
ROSE IN ATTACK MODE.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
BUT IT'S GOT THORNS.
BY "THORNS,"
DO YOU MEAN ZERO
ATTACK POINTS?
THAT'S VERY CUTE,
JADEN.
ACTUALLY, THIS ROSE'S
STRENGTH BECOMES EQUAL
TO THE MONSTER
THAT IT ATTACKS.
SO YOU WANT THEM
TO DESTROY EACH OTHER.
HA HA HA.
YOU DON'T HAVE
MUCH OF A GREEN THUMB,
DO YOU, JADEN?
WHEN REGENERATING ROSE
IS DESTROYED,
IT PLANTS 2 ROSE TOKENS
ON THE FIELD.
SO THIS ATTACK WILL
TAKE OUT FLAME WINGMAN
AND LEAVE YUBEL
WITH 2 NEW ROSE TOKENS.
I CAN'T LET THEM
TAKE ROOT.
BEFORE YOU ATTACK,
I'M ACTIVATING...
THE DE-FUSION
SPELL CARD!
WITH THAT, I DE-FUSE
FLAME WINGMAN
AND RESUMMON AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
IN DEFENSE MODE!
LUCKY FOR YOU, JADEN,
BECAUSE IF THIS
REGENERATING ROSE
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
IT DOESN'T GAIN
ANY ATTACK POINTS.
YOUR SPELL MAY HAVE
SAVED YOU FOR NOW,
BUT REMEMBER,
BECAUSE YOU ACTIVATED
YOUR DE-FUSION SPELL'S
ABILITY, THE SPELL CHRONICLE
GAINS ANOTHER UNIT
OF POWER.
SO ALLOW ME
TO THANK YOU, JADEN,
FOR HELPING MY SPELL
CHRONICLE TELL ITS STORY.
BECAUSE OF YOU, THE FIRST
CHAPTER HAS BEEN WRITTEN.
FIRST WHAT?
YOU SEE, THE SPELL
CHRONICLE SCROLL
TELLS THE STORY
OF A DUEL.
FOR EVERY 2
SPELL CARDS ACTIVATED,
ANOTHER CHAPTER UNFOLDS.
FOR EVERY CHAPTER,
YOU GET TO CHOOSE
ONE CARD THAT I
REMOVE FROM PLAY
AND ADD THE SELECTED CARD
BACK TO MY HAND.
AND JADEN, YOU NOW HAVE
THE CHANCE TO PUT
THE CARD I TOOK FROM YOU
IN OUR LAST DUEL INTO PLAY.
NO WAY!
IT'S TRUE, JADEN.
I HAVE SUPERPOLYMERIZATION,
THE SUPREME KING'S
VERY OWN CALLING CARD.
WITH IT, I CAN UNITE
THE 12 DIMENSIONS.
SO COME ON, ACCEPT MY GIFT
OF HARDSHIP, PAIN, AND FEAR.
CHOOSE
SUPERPOLYMERIZATION.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK SO.
WHAT IS YUBEL PLANNING
ON DOING WITH THAT CARD?
I'M PRETTY SURE I DON'T
WANT TO FIND OUT.
I SELECT ZERO SPRITE!
OH, WELL.
YOU DISAPPOINT ME, JADEN.
YOU'RE SO STUBBORN.
NO MATTER.
I CAN BE VERY PATIENT.
I HAVE WAITED YEARS.
WHAT'S A FEW MORE ROUNDS?
I END MY TURN.
THEN IN THAT CASE...
I SUMMON
TO THE FIELD
ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
AND NEXT UP,
I ACTIVATE
THE EQUIP SPELL CARD...
SPARK BLASTER!
SO MY SPELL CHRONICLE
GAINS MORE POWER.
MAYBE SO, BUT WITH
A BLAST FROM SPARKS,
THAT REGENERATING
ROSE OF YOURS
IS ZAPPED INTO
DEFENSE MODE.
THAT'S A SHAME.
NOW MY ROSE'S SPECIAL
ABILITY CAN'T BE ACTIVATED.
IT ONLY WORKS
WHEN IT'S IN ATTACK MODE.
IN THAT CASE,
IT'S HISTORY.
SPARKMAN, LET'S
WHACK THAT WEED
WITH STATIC
SHOCKWAVE!
MY ROSE MAY HAVE
BEEN DESTROYED,
BUT DON'T FORGET,
IT LEAVES
2 ROSE TOKENS
IN ITS PLACE.
IT'S YOUR MOVE, YUBEL.
VERY WELL.
THEN BY LAYING DOWN
THIS FACEDOWN, IT'S TIME.
TIME FOR WHAT?
TIME TO SACRIFICE
THE 2 ROSE TOKENS
ON MY FIELD
TO SUMMON YUBEL.
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
DID YOU JUST
SUMMON YOURSELF?
YES, JADEN. AND NOW
PREPARE TO FEEL MY FURY!
IT'S UNFORTUNATE,
JADEN,
THAT ANY DAMAGE
MY YUBEL RECEIVES
GETS DEALT
STRAIGHT TO YOU.
NOW SPARKMAN, LET'S
SHOW HIM WHAT I MEAN.
DON'T DO IT!
HA HA HA.
THE PAIN I FEEL,
IT BECOMES
YOUR PAIN AS WELL.
WE ARE FINALLY ONE!
MY PAIN IS YOURS.
MY SWEET SUFFERING,
ALL MY SORROW...
I SHARE IT ALL
WITH YOU, JADEN.
AAH! AH...
OH, MAN. SO EVEN IF I
ATTACK THAT YUBEL CARD,
IT WON'T TAKE
ANY DAMAGE. ONLY I DO.
HA HA HA. AND DURING
THE END PHASE OF MY TURN,
THE LOTUS IN MY GRAVEYARD
BLOOMS TO MY FIELD,
BUT IF I DON'T SACRIFICE
ANOTHER MONSTER ON MY FIELD
DURING THE END PHASE,
THEN MY LOVELY DOPPELGANGER
WILL BE DESTROYED.
SORRY, SAMSARA LOTUS.
I NEED TO DO SOME GARDENING.
WITH THAT, I END MY TURN.
HMM... I'VE GOT TO
FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO DESTROY
THAT YUBEL CARD
BEFORE I DO ANY MORE
DAMAGE TO MYSELF.
IT'S MY GO! HUH!
HUH.
I SWITCH SPARKMAN
TO DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'S IT
FOR THIS TURN.
THAT'S IT?
COME NOW, JADEN.
DON'T GET
BORING ON ME.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
ATTACK ME JUST NOW?
LISTEN, YUBEL, I KNOW
I MADE YOU SAD AND LONELY,
AND I'M SORRY YOU HAD TO
GO THROUGH IT ALONE.
IF I COULD, I'D GO BACK
AND UNDO EVERYTHING I DID.
YOU MISUNDERSTOOD ME, JADEN.
YES, YOU CAUSED ME PAIN,
BUT THAT PAIN MADE ME STRONG.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL SORRY.
I WANT YOU
TO FEEL PAIN!
SO YUBEL IS
CLEARLY LOOKING
TO GET EVEN
WITH ME
NO MATTER WHO
SHE HAS TO HURT,
BUT SHE'S THE WAY
SHE IS BECAUSE OF ME.
SHOULDN'T I WANT
TO HELP HER?
WAIT A SEC.
THINK ABOUT
ALL THE TERRIBLE THINGS
YUBEL HAS DONE.
IF IT WEREN'T FOR HER,
YOU'D BE CHILLING OUT
BACK AT THE SLIFER DORM.
YOU SHOULDN'T WANT
TO HELP HER.
YOU SHOULD BE ANGRY.
HA HA HA.
GUESS IT'S MY TURN.
AND SINCE YOU WON'T
ATTACK, I THINK I WILL.
I PLAY THE TRAP
HERO BARRIER!
NOW, WITH THE ELEMENTAL
HEROES ON MY FIELD,
THE POWER OF THIS TRAP
CARD NEGATES ANY ATTACKS
FOR THE DURATION
OF THIS TURN.
REMEMBER ZERO SPRITE?
WELL, YOU SHOULD.
THIS IS THE CARD
THAT YOU SELECTED.
AND ONCE ZERO SPRITE
ACTIVATES,
IT BECOMES
AN EQUIP CARD
AND LOWERS ITS RECIPIENT'S
ATTACK POINTS TO ZERO.
THEN WHAT?
AND THEN THIS...
THE EQUIPPED MONSTER
CAN ATTACK TWICE.
THE FIRST TIME, THE TIME
THAT YOU'RE NEGATING,
IT HAS NO ATTACK POINTS.
MAN, EVERY TIME
I MAKE A MOVE,
SHE'S ONE STEP
AHEAD OF ME.
THE FIRST STRIKE
IS RENDERED USELESS,
BUT THE SECOND STRIKE
IS A DIFFERENT MATTER.
SPARKMAN'S ORIGINAL
DEFENSE POINTS
ARE DEALT TO YOU
DIRECTLY!
AAH!
HA HA HA HA.
IF I DON'T DESTROY THAT
CARD SOON, I'M DONE FOR.
Syrus: JADEN!
SYRUS?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GET OUT OF HERE!
I SAW THEM, JADEN.
SAW WHO?
CHAZZ AND
THE OJAMAS.
THEY WERE THERE IN THESE
WEIRD COSMIC BALLOONS.
WE TALKED TO THEM.
AAH! SYRUS, SOMETHING
ELSE IS FORMING!
[TREMBLING]
GET US OUT
OF HERE!
AND BE QUICK,
WOULD YOU?
IT'S MY BROTHERS!
DOES THIS MEAN
YOU'RE OK?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE FOUND YOU!
[MUTTERING]
NO, WE'RE NOT OK!
WE'RE TRAPPED, YOU BALL OF SNOT!
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
HE INSULTED ME!
THAT MEANS
IT REALLY IS CHAZZ.
HE'S OK, SYRUS.
[SIGHS]
ARE YOU NOT LISTENING?
I JUST SAID I'M NOT OK.
WE'RE ALL TRAPPED
IN SOME CRAZY DIMENSION.
YOU'VE GOT TO SAVE US, MAN.
BUST US OUT OF HERE.
BUT HOW, CHAZZ?
YEAH, HOW?
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
SOMEWHERE
REALLY DARK.
REALLY BRIGHT.
WELL, UH...
IT'S FREEZING COLD.
I'M BURNING UP.
Chazz: KNOCK IT OFF!
YA!
WE HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE WE ARE.
EVERYTHING
IS UPSIDE-DOWN.
THEN THE NEXT SECOND,
IT'S ALL RIGHT-SIDE-UP.
AND IT'S ALL
YUBEL'S DESIGN.
IF JADEN TAKES HER OUT,
WE'LL ALL BE FREE.
YOU CAN SAVE EVERYONE, JADEN.
JUST WIN THIS BATTLE.
SEBASTIAN WAS RIGHT
ALL ALONG.
MAYBE HE WAS RIGHT ABOUT
SOMETHING ELSE, TOO.
HE SAID YOU HAD TO
CONTROL THE SUPREME KING.
YOU CAN'T BE AFRAID
OF THAT POWER.
OH.
LISTEN, YOU WON'T
LIKE IT,
BUT YOU AND
THE SUPREME KING,
YOU'RE 2 SIDES
OF THE SAME COIN.
YOU'RE
THE SAME PERSON.
THE SUPREME KING
IS SOMEWHERE
INSIDE OF YOU.
NO WAY.
YOU FEEL BAD ABOUT
EVERYTHING YOU DID?
WELL, THEN THIS
IS YOUR CHANCE
TO DO SOMETHING,
YOUR CHANCE TO PUT RIGHT
WHAT YOU MADE WRONG.
SURE, THE SUPREME KING
PART OF YOU IS STRONG
AND POWERFUL,
BUT IF YOU LEARN
TO CONTROL IT,
THAT POWER IS YOURS.
WOW! OH...
ARE YOU GOING
TO MAKE A MOVE?
HUH?
JADEN?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
GIVE UP, ARE YOU?
AFTER ALL
I'VE DONE FOR YOU?
I NEED YOU TO STEP UP.
DON'T WORRY. I'M GOING
TO STEP UP, YUBEL.
I'M GOING TO END YOU.
FOR TOO LONG, I'VE BEEN
SCARED OF MY ANGER.
BUT I'M NOT SCARED
OF MY ANGER ANYMORE.
YOU ARE GOING DOWN
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪